We Create Experiences
We create experiences that are attractive, simple to use, and drive results for your company. We are not your typical web development agency. Sure, we’re strong on corporate branding and web design, but we’re really focused on making things work for your audience ... and your business.


We Ask, Listen and Understand
We begin each web development project by gaining a solid understanding of who you are, what you do and why you do it. This helps us create strategic web design solutions that communicate the right messages and express your unique brand identity. We collaborate with our clients - Good design doesn't come in a flash of inspiration. It's a collaborative process of discovery that takes patience, experience, and communication. We involve our clients every step of the way, incorporating feedback at each stage until the design is finalized.


We provide quick response
If you're like most people, after you've made up your mind to do a website, you want it NOW! Because we are a full-service website design company, we can streamline the process. We'll get you online quickly, usually in a matter of weeks, sometimes days, depending on the complexity of your web site.


We Are On Time And On Budget
We determine the scope of the web development project, create a budget and timeline, and once they’re approved, we stick to them. Just to make sure, we do weekly status checks on progress and deadlines to keep everyone – you included – on track.


We Provide Competitive Pricing
We offer web design, web development, corporate branding, online marketing, web hosting and web application development at fair market pricing with a quicker turnaround than most other web design companies. It is a function of our in-house skill set and the ability to leverage technology to meet a wide array of demands; we're great at what we do, and our efficiency allows us to price our work competitively.


We Work In Small Teams
Most everyone at Avid Web has worked at a large agency. While, we have that level of experience, we keep our teams small, agile and focused on you. Your project has a lead designer who gets support from a project manager, a junior web designer, a usability expert and one or more developers.


We Do The Work
From principals to junior members of the team, we all work together on website development projects. You will see the same faces from the first hello to the completion of the project. We do not have a sales team, and we only take projects that fit our core skills.


We Provide Online Marketing
The most beautiful website in the world is useless if no one visits it. Very few website designers concern themselves with search engines. That's a mistake. The easiest, most cost-effective means of generating traffic is to make your site appealing to search engines. We use sophisticated online marketing techniques and proven seo strategies to ensure you rank high on the major search engines for your keywords.


We Offer Broad Experience
We have worked both directly and indirectly with almost every type of major industry in the world, from small ecommerce websites to huge multinational corporations as well as healthcare providers, realtors, lawyers, local governments, county organizations and other nonprofit agencies and organizations. Avid Web Designs has one of the most well rounded web development client lists on the net!